It's simple, whoever knocks over the glass of water behind the chair wins.
Go away.
YES.
This.
Is this still available?
What's the hurry?
YES.
She is lying.
The referee and the players are all mine.
The rules are all set by me.
What can you, a country bumpkin, compete with me for?
Self assessment
He compared himself to the King.
That is the difference between the frog at the bottom of the well and the bright moonlight.
Do you understand?
Bach Tam Lan, I do not allow you to insult the Royal Family like that.
Sharp teeth and sharp mouth
Everyone is about to die, but their mouths are still so stiff.
What are you, Van?
Learn Mathematics
Travel the world without fear
Let's go.
Go away, why me?
This.
Now I will show you the power of science.
YES.
Hey.
Accepted?
Ha ha, you can laugh me to death.
Your eyesight is not good, is it?
Don't let people fly away all at once.